Add books to Java Roadmap Fundamentals (#1580)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/110-java/content/100-java-fundamentals/readme.md

> # Java fundamentals
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Books</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.amazon.co.uk/Head-First-Java-3rd-Brain-Friendly/dp/1491910771/ref=sr_1_2?crid=2YZDBXAN7LLPQ&keywords=headfirst+java&qid=1661187860&s=books&sprefix=headfirst+java%2Cstripbooks%2C118&sr=1-2'>Head First Java</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.amazon.co.uk/Thinking-Java-Eckel-Bruce-February/dp/B00IBON6C6/ref=sr_1_8?crid=31T0HNWUAML1B&keywords=Thinking+in+java&qid=1661187928&s=books&sprefix=thinking+in+java%2Cstripbooks%2C109&sr=1-8'>Thinking in Java</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.amazon.com/Effective-Java-Joshua-Bloch/dp/0134685997'>Effective Java</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.amazon.co.uk/Java-Beginners-Guide-Herbert-Schildt/dp/1260463559/ref=sr_1_1?crid=2PA8FFUMM84JD&keywords=Java%3A+A+Beginner%27s+Guide&qid=1661188127&s=books&sprefix=java+a+beginner+s+guide%2Cstripbooks%2C105&sr=1-1'>Java: A Beginner's Guide</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B09JL8BMK7/ref=dbs_a_def_rwt_bibl_vppi_i2'>Java: The Complete Reference</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Java Fundamentals

Learn about the fundamentals of Java such as basic syntax, data types, variables, conditionals, functions, data structures, packages, etc. 

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Resources</ResourceGroupTitle>

<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/java/'>Java Basics - W3Schools</BadgeLink>

<ResourceGroupTitle>Books</ResourceGroupTitle>

<BadgeLink colorScheme='purple' badgeText='Book' href='https://www.amazon.co.uk/Head-First-Java-3rd-Brain-Friendly/dp/1491910771>Head First Java</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='purple' badgeText='Book' href='https://www.amazon.co.uk/Thinking-Java-Eckel-Bruce-February/dp/B00IBON6C6'>Thinking in Java</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='purple' badgeText='Book' href='https://www.amazon.com/Effective-Java-Joshua-Bloch/dp/0134685997'>Effective Java</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='purple' badgeText='Book' href='https://www.amazon.co.uk/Java-Beginners-Guide-Herbert-Schildt/dp/1260463559'>Java: A Beginner's Guide</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='purple' badgeText='Book' href='https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B09JL8BMK7/ref=dbs_a_def_rwt_bibl_vppi_i2'>Java: The Complete Reference</BadgeLink>
```
